[docs] Gesture hooks (#3868)
kmagiera/react-native-gesture-handler: packages/docs-gesture-handler/docs/gestures/gesture-composition.md

        y: e.translationY + start.value.y,
      };
    },
    onDeactivate: () => {
      start.value = {
        x: offset.value.x,
        y: offset.value.y,
      };
    },
  });

  const zoomGesture = usePinchGesture({
    onUpdate: (e) => {
      scale.value = savedScale.value * e.scale;
    },
    onDeactivate: () => {
      savedScale.value = scale.value;
    },
  });

  const rotationGesture = useRotationGesture({
    onUpdate: (e) => {
      rotation.value = savedRotation.value + e.rotation;
    },
    onDeactivate: () => {
      savedRotation.value = rotation.value;
    },
  });

  const composedGesture = useSimultaneousGestures(
    dragGesture,
    zoomGesture,
    rotationGesture
  );

  return (
    <GestureHandlerRootView style={styles.container}>
      <GestureDetector gesture={composedGesture}>
        <Animated.View style={[styles.box, animatedStyles]} />
      </GestureDetector>
    </GestureHandlerRootView>
  );
}

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    alignItems: 'center',
    justifyContent: 'space-around',
  },
  box: {
    width: 100,
    height: 100,
    backgroundColor: 'blue',
  },
});
```

### useExclusiveGestures

> Only one of the provided gestures can become active, with the first one having a higher priority than the second one (if both gestures are still possible, the second one will wait for the first one to fail before it activates), second one having a higher priority than the third one, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only one of the provided gestures can become active at once. Priority is determined by the order of the aguments, where the first gesture has the highest priority, and the last has the lowest. A gesture can activate only after all higher-priority gestures before it have failed.
```

Author: I'd skip "at once" as it seems redundant.
